[BLOG] Add three-months-and-having-fun (#529)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/three-months-and-having-fun.md

---
title: 'Quansight Labs: what I learned in my first 3 months'
published: July 21, 2020
author: matti-picus
description: 'I joined Quansight at the beginning of April, splitting my time between
PyTorch (as part of a larger Quansight team) and contributing to Quansight Labs
supported community-driven projects in the Python scientific and data science
software stack, primarily to NumPy.  I have found my next home; the people, the
projects, and the atmosphere are an all around win-win for me and (I hope) for
the projects to which I contribute.'

> category: [PyData Ecosystem]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
category: [PyData ecosystem]
```

PyTorch (as part of a larger Quansight team) and contributing to Quansight Labs
supported community-driven projects in the Python scientific and data science
software stack, primarily to NumPy.  I have found my next home; the people, the
projects, and the atmosphere are an all around win-win for me and (I hope) for
the projects to which I contribute.

I am not a newcomer to Open Source. I originally became involved in
[PyPy](https://www.pypy.org) as an after-hours hobby to hone my developer
skills, and quickly became enamoured with the people and the mission. Over the
years my efforts in the open source world moved more mainstream, and in 2018 I
took on a full-time position working on NumPy, funded through a grant to
[BIDS](https://bids.berkeley.edu). Since April 2020, I have moved to Quansight
Labs as a full-time developer. 

[Quansight Labs](https://www.quansight.com/labs) is a subsidiary of Quansight
LLC, and Labs' mission is "Sustaining the future of open source". It does this
by gathering together an amazing group of software developers and letting them
loose on a variety of open source projects: Numpy, Spyder, Jupyter, conda-forge,

> Numba and [more](http://labs.quansight.org/categories). Of course, the

Reviewer: @mattip since our new blog doesn'T have a tags page, would you like me to replace this link with the suggested blog link, or with a link to the [new projects page](https://labs.quansight.org/projects).)?
```suggestion
Numba and [more](https://labs.quansight.org/blog). Of course, the
```
